# Toy Store
### 	This was my first large project and the goal was to show my skills, in both PostgreSQL and Tableau. The project takes a look at a fictional toy store based in Mexico. To showcase my skills I intended to explore all scenarios possible given the data provided. I soon realized this was an impractical task because the number of scenarios is essentially limitless, so I decided to narrow my focus. 
### 	My focus was to provide insight about profit, based on the type of location the stores were in as well as an overview for each store. I decided to keep most of the work I had already completed as it still showcased various skills. I also believe that keeping this now irrelevant work shows my ability to adapt and grow. While the initial purpose of this project was to display my current skills it ultimately led to me learning new things.
###  	The first thing I learned was that I should vet the data I intend to use. While working through this project I came across several problems caused by either incomplete or unrealistic data. Though these problems were initially frustrating they were easy to remedy and taught me the value of proper data. The second thing I learned was the importance of a thorough plan. As stated earlier the initial goal was to show all of my PostgreSQL and Tableau skills, this led to me approaching the project in an unstructured manner and creating so much data that it was essentially useless. Although this caused me to waste a lot of time I think the lesson learned partially makes up for it. These are two things I learned that I can apply to almost any project I work on in the future, I also gained a lot of knew knowledge about using both PostgreSQL and Tableau.
###	 All in all, I think this was a successful first project, I learned many valuable lessons and in the end I think I was able to sufficiently showcase some of my skills. I look forward to applying what I learned from this project and furthering my knowledge with future projects.     